hi everyone i Kelsey here with coverage
presented by Omni slash I'm here with
clutch gaming's Apollo who just came off
a really convincing win against TSM so
this game was a little different than
last week's game wouldn't you say yeah I
think last one was kind of a little
lucky I think as most people would call
it but we I think we kind of changed our
game plan a little bit this time we
draft like more of an early game
composition and they were extremely
greedy they had like a really big
teamfight so like when you looking on
paper it's like oh my god I like
Tristana zero and sejuani and like all
these scary champions were teamfight but
I think we drafted appropriately that we
had like an early game and we just tried
to dominate them from like Lane face and
not teamfight them straight on and I
think we did a really good job this time
so speaking on the draft a little bit
I noticed that though he was led through
and so febiven got that to himself were
you guys planning for this to happen or
were you surprised that it got that
through we we knew that was gonna happen
we had a scenario where like we would
have to probably trade Azir and Zoe and
we're comfortable both ways we just I
mean it was a little bit surprising that
they gave it to us but at the same time
I'm sure they you know they draft or
they plan accordingly rightly I think
they want to play against Zoe but Zoe's
a broken champion so here we are yeah I
was gonna say I don't know I don't know
if anyone wants to play again Zoe but
okay so now that you've gone up against
TSM twice and you have competed against
the best bot Lane in the West what do
you think about your performance against
them and that compared to the rest of
the bot lanes in na I mean okay best
partly in the West it's kind of a meme
but I think they're really strong I
think the way like just the way they
play didn't really feel like they could
do much in that in that game they had
like I said like a really scaling heavy
balling and then they didn't play them
around them at all like they kind of
just stacked volley and eventually we
just got the turret by ourselves so I
mean it's kind of hard to say like I
viously after a win they do look worse
right but that's just like natural I
think like all the bawling or like the
top teams right now like the c9 TL and
like echovox I think they're performing
but like their bodies are performing
better than them right now but you know
we'll see we'll see how it goes because
I think once TSM gets back in the former
if they get better then they'll start to
look better as well okay so it's now the
second round robin you've started it off
and now that we are done with week 5 day
2 you guys have gone 4 and 0 in the last
two weeks so yay I what's the game plan
now for clutch do you guys have
something in mind for the rest of the
games or or actually do you guys see
yourself in the finals that kind of
jumps my bad okay and we get we could we
could break this up so what's the game
plan for the rest of the season right
we'll start with that the game plan is I
think well we are just looking at one
match at a time right obviously we're
planning on getting to playoffs I think
we this - oh actually this for oh I
guess like really helped us solidify
that I think as long as we play you know
we play well throughout the rest of the
season
but right now we're just like in the top
teams I think like c9 echo fox and TL
like those are big competitors to like
prove that we can actually play against
them so we just have to work still work
on our mistakes because I mean like even
though we beat TSM right they weed went
against like optic and fly quest and
they weren't you know they're not like I
mean they'll like mill the Packer like
lower tier teams right now so I think we
still have to prove ourselves against
the big top teams so now going back to
my question do you guys think that
there's a possibility of you guys making
the finals I think there is it I mean
right now it's like it's kind of hard to
say I don't think if you know if we were
going to playoffs as we speak you know I
think it'd be hard for us again the
finals I think the other teams are so
much better but the way we're playing
right now I think we're improving a lot
we kind of showed that yeah we had like
a no 2 week but then we picked it up and
we just I mean we're we're improving on
the mistakes that we made on stage and I
think that's really important if we
wanted to get into like finals right now
alright well is there anything else you
would like to say to your fans out there
I thank you guys for supporting us and
you know I hope you keep this one
straight going and yeah thanks for
thanks for watching well thank you for
the interview and good luck to you for
everything else eSports you can check
out the youtube page and the videos
below
oh hey um you might remember me from
Travis's video when I was stealing proof
from the LCS and yeah that's kind of the
only reason I come here but anyways
while you're here thank you for watching
subscribe and thank you Omni slash for
supporting